"Reminded that we are doing this beautiful ceremony. This morning we are going to do a practice on
the Bhagavad-yasattva with the fire puja that is a symbol of the world used in India, the fire
world, but in Tibet, of the fire offering. But in Tibet it is called Gymsi. It is not just a fire
offering, it is a very special ceremony known as Gymsi practices."
According to the teaching, Gymsi ceremony is very powerful. It is connected to the four different
activities of the buddhas. Those are known as pacifying activities and as well as increasing
activities and overpowering activities and subjugating activities.
So, this particularly what we are going to do, Vajrasattva practices, is pacifying. What we are pac
ifying, the all undesirable situations and circumstances that we are pacifying, disease, sicknesses,
violence, negativities, negative energies and obscurations, obstacles and unbalanced situations of
the elements,
of the environment. Everything that we are disturbing and undesirable systems to ourselves, to the
beings, we are pacifying. Why I am saying that? Because we are doing this practice not just only
for us.
That was we are following the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni's teaching. According to Mahayana
, we are expanding our love and compassion and concerning caring thought for all living beings.
And that's why we are doing this practice for every living beings, everyone. Those who are here and
those who are gone on our side, or those who are having difficulty troubles and sicknesses, or
those who are again in the Buddha teaching said, six different realms have different kind of like
the troubles and difficulties.
In human realm, those are known as birth, getting old, sickness and death are the kind of principle
highlighted difficulty.
So, we are doing this practice so everyone has peace and happiness and joy, simple something that
can move easily with courage and confidence and destination for attitudes.
That's why we are doing this. Therefore, expand our body to every living beings and then we do
these practices.
Also, we are doing these practices to offer to all those higher beings, the greatest teachers,
greatest masters who are in still life and we really wish their long life and good health and joy
and fulfillment.
Not just I mean the master of Buddhism, but generally all the peacemakers involved, who are making
peace and harmony, some good things for mankind, all the living beings really wish everyone
performed beautifully something.
And those who passed in those great beings, we also make these offerings and ceremony to kind of
smooth the transition of the higher realization status.
At the same time, we are doing this ceremony to fulfill all their supreme aspirations that they can
fulfill without any difficulty and return back immediately emanations to help to benefit the beings
.
So, this is multiple purposes. We are doing this ceremony with the Vedasattvas. Vedasattva is one
of the very powerful videos that which in the Buddha teaching from all the Vedayana teaching has
Vedasattva practices.
Every sattva we chant and pray that always connected with the Vedasattva. Therefore, Vedasattva is
known as the one great Buddha that encompasses all the mandalas.
So, it is very special practice and then it is up and we practice Vedakalayas, which is according
to the teaching, it is a wrathful aspect of the Buddha Vedasattvas, wrath to the ego-clinging,
wrath to the negative it is to destroy.
It is not something wrath to destroy, to destroy the good things, but wrath to the negativity, ego-
clinging, self-important, self-centered mind, obstacles, diseases, sicknesses.
That is the one practice of Vedakalayas and Vedakalayas is considered one of the very powerful
practices.
Even in the GURUPE MASSAMBA, who is totally enlightened beings, according to the relative level, he
practices Vedakalayas to subdue the negatives and to dispel the old obstacles.
So, therefore, in one way Vedakalayas practice is a personal practice of the GURUPE MASSAMBA, a
personal practice of the Yihi Thoja, a personal practice of all those great beings, great masters,
great takings,
great takings. Today we are connected with that and we can also feel great joy in the application
that we have such a beautiful connection,
we have good opportunity, this golden, like chain of the golden lineage, this stainless teaching
that we are really connected to all of us.
It's not just so coincidental, truly it is your connected practices, your practice, your connected,
we are all connected.
And how wonderful, how beautiful, being more great, joy in the appreciation, graceful, joy in the
appreciation, together we devote each other and together with the devotions.
And we keep all those beautiful qualities, then truly we are moving so beautifully, so smoothly to
the destination where all these enlightened beings are living and enjoying themselves.
So that's really pleased, everybody will really extend the bodhicitta, and that is all it is oscill
ated and mostly we count it in the way of the English, so you will know that.
And connecting this world to the heart, and this is the meditation. We think meditation is only a
kind of silence, that is meditation too.
But this is very high form of meditation, in Vedayana teaching, that you heard, visualization and
the completion stages.
Generally both are inseparable, so we practice both inseparable.
When we do the silent meditation, we just only focus on absolute levels, all kamathas.
This time we are union of the kamata and vipahana, all these are key meditations, so it is like
everything brings us to the mandalas.
Without there nothing to sort out, nothing to reject, nothing to avoid, all is one great mandala
status.
That's what really this visualization practice, that's what Vedayana practice is very special,
powerful in it always, in those great mountains it is special, powerful because there is nothing we
are living that is something impure or bad.
The universe is pure, our self is pure, our mind is pure, and we are in that pure status, and
performing this all activities such as pacifying, subjugation or whatever activity we perform with
this ceremony, so it is very special.
So those are just again a general reminder to all of us, and now we begin to feel strongly
connected again to the lineage.
This is the lineage teaching of the Murapai Masambhava or the Buddha Murapai Masambhava, 3D-filled
stone prison in Murapai Masambhava.
You know all the Buddha's Murapai Masambhava is in holy manner, all the lineage masters in one
single state feel strong, feel full of joy and appreciation, being graceful, and bodhicitta and
devotion, and just seedling those qualities, and then we begin this practice.